Spelling fixes: "lots of" to "several" in all RST files (#488)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/guide_rolling_upgrade.rst

For integration with Continuous Integration systems, you can easily trigger playbook runs using the ``ansible-playbook`` command line tool, or, if you're using AWX, the ``tower-cli`` command or the built-in REST API.  (The tower-cli command 'joblaunch' will spawn a remote job over the REST API and is pretty slick).

> This should give you a good idea of how to structure a multi-tier application with Ansible, and orchestrate operations upon that app, with the eventual goal of continuous delivery to your customers. You could extend the idea of the rolling upgrade to several different parts of the app; maybe add front-end web servers along with application servers, for example, or replace the SQL database with something like MongoDB or Riak. Ansible gives you the capability to easily manage complicated environments and automate common operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should give you a good idea of how to structure a multi-tier application with Ansible and orchestrate operations upon that app, with the eventual goal of continuous delivery to your customers. You could extend the idea of the rolling upgrade to several different parts of the app; maybe add front-end web servers along with application servers, or replace the SQL database with NoSQL database. Ansible gives you the capability to easily manage complicated environments and automate common operations.
```
